Yeah, latest show.
Harmontown is now in session.
As the groovy, funky, Swedish strains of ace of bass
gently wash over your cerebral cortexes,
please welcome to the stage the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon.
I think he's seamless, seamless opening tonight.
For those of you listening in podcast land,
there's a 15 minute ordeal trying to get that ace of bass
song queued up, had to go to the mayor's iPod.
I think we do that from now on.
We're using your iPod for ace of bass,
but I say from now on, if people in the crowd have a good song,
we kick it off with that one.
Until we get sued.
Someone will come in with a Chevy Chase voicemail on their phone
and say, open with us.
You got my phone back?
Oh, shit.
So welcome.
I would like to thank Jeff Davis for controlling tonight,
as he always does.
I have some notes.
I want to apologize.
For those of you, I assume that if you're coming here
and you're laying $10 on the barrel head,
then that means that you're probably a Harmontown podcast
subscriber.
And that means that you're probably very upset.
The last couple of weeks, there has been no new
Harmontown podcast.
We're two weeks behind.
I was in North Carolina with Erin.
Her little brother was getting married in what unfolded
into very awkward turn of events, which I may discuss
momentarily.
I'm just looking at my phone here.
I have my Evernote app loaded up.
Things tagged Harmontown.
Some of them are mild complaints that I have.
Some little observations.
Perhaps a pied-de-terre.
No, that's not an expression that means an apartment.
Sometimes you just throw a three-word French phrase
into things to just give a little joie de vivre
to a little je ne sais quoi.
Here's a complaint.
We had some good luck with me complaining about things.
I didn't think that complaining was charismatic,
but we had a good time.
We were complaining about things that I have no right
to complain about.
Some would call that a segment of our show.
My mustache is too absorbent.
I have to trim it.
I was out of town for 12 days, and I had no trimmer with me.
It really soaks up quite a bit of vodka, milkshakes,
whatever happened to be going into my mouth.
You don't feel it, because I don't have any nerve endings
in my mustache.
I wish cats do.
I don't use my mustache to detect the width of openings
I want to get through.
Is the bummer for you that you're being robbed of vodka
and milkshakes?
That's where that went.
That's why I'm still sober.
It's all in my damn mustache.
No, the bummer is...
I have no feeling up there.
If I'm drinking vodka for a while, for instance,
just as a crazy hypothetical,
I can't feel it, so it just feels normal.
But then, if I go to kiss Erin on the head or something,
it's like a sponge.
All of a sudden, there's just liquid everywhere all over her head.
She doesn't complain about it.
I guess it's nice, because then she smells like vodka.
I don't know, but I guess there's nothing wrong with it.
Maybe I'll cross that off my complaint list.
Maybe that goes into a bragging column.
Mustache absorption.
But I trimmed it now, and it's fine.
Moving on.
Any more complaints in here?
Let's see here.
Well, here's a couple things.
Last time I did this segment where I complained about things
I'm not allowed to complain about,
I started talking about airports,
because I wanted to get to this one thing I never got to.
They have these stupid machines.
I talked about this yesterday.
I went there yesterday at the thing, the podcast festival.
Your girlfriend and our producer.
There's one guy who raised his hand.
Bummer for you.
I'm just going to say everything again.
What's up with this Tyler Perry guy?
I'm making that up.
What is up with this Tyler Perry guy?
I've never seen him in anything.
I don't know.
He's now in a movie.
I don't know anything about Tyler Perry.
I saw the first, I think the first breakout, his clerks.
What was it called?
Medea Diary of a Mad Black Woman, I think it was.
I don't know.
Since then there's been several.
Medea has become the black Ernest.
She goes to camp.
She goes to prison.
She goes to hell.
She goes to outer space.
She saves Christmas.
Does she really?
One of those is true.
I swear to God, I don't know which one,
but I know one of them is true.
She has either saved Christmas or gone to prison.
No, I think both.
Didn't Medea save Christmas?
No?
She's gone to prison.
She's gone to prison for sure.
But did she save Christmas?
Auntie?
You can't just ask the one black audience.
I did it as a joke.
I knew he didn't know.
I bet he does.
Auntie don't know nothing about no Tyler Perry.
Auntie don't truck with no Tyler.
I was saying to Aaron in the car on the way over
because we drove past one of his billboards.
It must have been rough if you were Tyler Perry's roommate.
You know there's a lot of post-it notes in that fridge.
Get it?
No?
Probably labels everything, you know,
when his name is the...
A guy gave a thumbs down and now is flipping me off.
And he's wearing like a...
It's like a poncho polo shirt with a hood.
Now he put the hood up because he's gangster.
I don't know what to make of you, sir.
He gave you thumbs up and then flipped you off?
No, he gave me thumbs down.
And then I made eye contact with him
and then he just started flipping me the finger.
This crowd is crazy.
Harmontown's crazy.
Okay, so I don't know where to begin.
Tyler Perry...
Boy, that landed on its ass.
Hang on.
So you were saying that Tyler Perry would say
this is Tyler Perry's mustard or Tyler Perry's...
Yeah, it's funny.
It was too much of a dot connector.
You know who probably loved that?
Adam Goldberg probably loved that.
It was an ass burger joke.
Or as you call it, ass burgers.
Adam Goldberg just hangs out now, which is fine, I guess.
He's a weirdo.
He's a lovable weirdo.
I'm a misfit.
Harmontown is about founding a colony of misfits.
Adam Goldberg should have some kind of statue of him somewhere
on the moon if we get there.
But he was hanging out.
He just popped by the drawing room, our watering hole,
and we were hanging out with Eric Idle from Monty Python fame.
I had to list his credits.
Eric Idle from Monty Python.
From European vacation.
Jeff is friends with this comedy icon legend,
and we were hanging out with him at our local watering hole,
and Adam Goldberg was there.
So we ended up at my house hanging out,
and Adam Goldberg was leaving the house at the same time as Eric Idle,
and we were like, ah, everybody, goodnight, goodnight everybody, goodnight.
And Adam turned to Eric Idle and said, hey, it was really nice to meet you.
Do you have a card?
Wait, he just kind of...
He just stormed the stage.
I think there's something to be mined from the encounter
with what I thought was just a cool old British dude.
I didn't come here in June to be like,
I'm going to involve myself in Dan Harmon's life,
but now that I'm...
He just stormed the stage and grabbed a microphone.
I've been impugned, Jeff.
It's a quirky story about you.
Did you deny any part of that story?
Let's flash back.
I have spent...
Because I can kind of show the tapestry
of what you've accused of Asperginess.
I would much prefer, if we said the word personality,
I'd like to think that all the social awkwardness is earned
rather than diagnosed, which is the only reason I've said,
I don't have Aspergers on all the various shows
where I have defended not having Aspergers.
So...
What do you have?
I'd like to say a great personality
with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder,
which is treated to medication.
What do you... what do you... what, Ritalin?
Okay, yeah, yeah.
Can I have some?
Yeah, sure. We'll talk later.
I'm not going to...
This is going to be the first live drug deal via podcast.
You know, Season 2 of Community,
heard of it?
Yeah.
Adderall, baby.
Chewing it like candy.
It's the candy that lets you focus.
I can say it now. Let that go down for my biopic.
That was the Johnny Cashier.
I don't think you're a fool on anybody.
Holy smokes.
Dan, have a seat.
Have a seat?
Yeah, let this guy take all.
This is him.
Ladies and gentlemen, Adam Goldberg!
Goldberg Town.
It's time for us to the regular segment of Harmontown
called Goldbergia.
Goldberg, Berg.
No one online got any of that.
They should have put their money on the barrel,
put it in the incinerator.
So, it's Wednesday night, a few weeks ago.
I'm killing it.
I'm killing it in the exposition.
I go down to House of Pies for a Meetup.com
inspired game of Cards Against Humanity.
And Pies.
I met the creators of that game.
Yeah, they're going to love that cheap plug.
Sorry, I didn't mean to derail you.
No, it's a conversation.
I'm not an oddity. I'm a weirdo.
You can touch the display animal or whatever this is.
Nobody feels sorry for you.
Thank God, because that would take a long time.
So, I go over to the drawing room.
I'm like, House of Pies does not serve liquor
all they shouldn't.
Go over there.
And I see Jeff chatting with our dear friend Kate
and the cool...
Yes, please.
Just for the sake of...
Jeff went to get a drink for himself.
And Adam, who doesn't have Asperger's at all,
somehow interpreted Jeff getting a drink as an offer.
Sure thing, Mr. Goldberg.
Offer to get him a drink.
Oh, you've Tyler parryized it now.
Oh, my God.
You're a tire, sir.
Thank you, Hope.
All right, so you're at House of Pies.
I was like, I need to drink some liquor
to balance out the good decisions
I've been making all night, playing four hours of an offensive card game.
Go over there.
I meet Jeff, meet some of our good friends over there.
And it's his birthday.
It was here, birthday celebration.
Pre-birthday, yeah.
And there was the coolest British guy I've ever half-talked to
because couldn't really hear much of anything at the bar.
I think he introduced himself and said,
my name is...
I was like, that's great.
I'll wait until someone uses it in conversation later,
which never happened.
So after impressing...
This is the thing, this is the angle you're playing where you...
I didn't know shit.
You didn't know it was Eric Eidel the whole night.
Which is, that looks bad on me.
I'll admit, that was a mistake.
I think it's, I don't think it's true.
I know, I just thought, you were dead.
Did it seem like I knew what was...
It never seems like you know what's going on.
Oh yeah, you seem so irrationally impolite.
Like you couldn't pick up on social cues.
So you must not have known who I was
or like you were just being yourself in meeting Eric Eidel.
At what point you pulled out your phone
and started reading at the top of your lungs
an anti-war poem off of your phone.
One, it was a loud slam poetry voice.
Two, I am normally loud anyway, so that's hard to distinguish.
Eric Eidel like...
He really liked that poem.
I know, I remember looking over at Eric Eidel,
he had his head bowed and he was just nodding,
listening to it like he was in a beat, like a poetry slam.
I like to think that one of the rudels also liked that poem.
I would like to think that my 10-year-old self
could randomly look through a portal
and see me sitting in a living room
with a guy on a velvet couch looking at a hologram phone
going, but my war is not your war, brother.
Screaming at the top of his lungs with Eric Eidel
nodding his head in the corner.
That's the only glimpse you get of your 39-year-old life, Dan Harbin.
You know who the ruddles are, but you don't know Eric Eidel.
I would recognize him much more.
It was a mistake on my part,
but to think all older Englishmen look like Eric Eidel
is equally biased.
I think that when I started laughing at you,
you asked him for his card.
I said he doesn't have a card, he's Eric Eidel.
That's when I knew him as Eric Eidel.
And then you went, oh, oh, not by virtue of a natural ability
to pick up on it through empathy,
but now because it's been pronounced.
I've misstepped, and then you texted Aaron and said,
sorry about that, I didn't know he was Eric Eidel all night.
I'm going to go ahead and call.
My theory is that that's a little damage-control
Goldbergian horseshitery.
And everyone's going, oh, Adam Goldberg's anything,
if not honest, like he's an honest person.
You got Aaron's phone number,
so you could send her that text.
The way you got her phone number was by saying,
hey, Aaron, I was there when you did this.
He said, hey, Aaron, I lost my phone.
My phone broke.
I didn't go, what was your number again?
And she gave it to you, and then we walked away.
She's like, he never had my number.
Both true, both true.
You're a diabolical...
And I lost my phone.
You're diabolical.
Hey, I think it's just been a long con,
this whole personality thing that you've been faking,
just to slowly take over Harmontown.
He's not an unintelligent man, obviously.
We know that. Who's to say he's not evil?
Like, he could be...
We don't know, we don't know.
He's out on Adam Goldberg.
I have no rejoinder to defend myself from the accusation
of being scheming and evil,
but I'd like to defend and say that
your accusation of me being competent
is far afield.
What sort of incompetent making me make you a drink?
I thought you were...
You're much taller than me.
I don't know if you can tell on podcast land,
Jeff has about three or four vertical feet on me.
And horizontal, if you know what I'm talking about.
You have a three-foot dick.
Three-foot four inches.
You just look like a T-square.
Adam, as long as you're up here,
the last time you were up on stage,
I was in a blackout drunk,
I heard the recording of it,
and I have some questions, including,
what's wrong with your spine?
That's just muscular...
That's a mixture of long-term muscular dystrophy,
which I'm going to fall victim to in 30 years,
and a little bit of scoliosis.
I didn't know you could make...
You're not allowed to pity me.
That's the rule. We fucking are.
How does muscular dystrophy work?
A muscular dystrophy is a process
where eventually you lose nerve tissue,
you lose muscle tissue
in a way that it doesn't regenerate.
Eventually you lose a lot of lower body function.
In severe cases, you just can't use your muscles.
So you know that you have it?
I know that it's hereditary,
and my dad has it pretty bad.
It's in the car.
Is it a thing that comes on, like diabetes,
like you don't have it now,
but you're just saying you're highly at risk for it?
I'm at risk for it.
In that, just being in front of a monitor
for the past 14 years.
And then there's just scoliosis thrown into boot,
like a little garnish.
I got the real, you know, the 2-7 offsuit.
Just to make sure your spine doesn't make it through the gauntlet.
It looks like a question mark,
and the question is,
how did Adam miss that social cue?
Yeah, there could be a little show about you
called, What's Up with Adam?
And you could be the question mark
at the end of the title sequence.
Is that his segment?
You're leaning up against the M and Adam,
and kind of like, I don't know, you tell me.
Adam's spine is so crooked,
it makes Jeff look straight.
That's forgetting 50 retweets
for a picture of me doing this
and saying it's the face of Asperger's.
Leading my brother to call me furiously,
is that guy Jeff bullying you?
I can take him.
I did not say it was the face of Asperger's.
I said it was a Harmontown Asperger's fight
or something like that.
It's not like I haven't re-read it.
Asperger's!
With anger and evil!
I'm evil! That was the twist!
I'm sorry if I bullied you, I love you.
I was like, oh, this guy who's cool,
Otto, he's Eric Eidel,
and I tried to play it off cool
as we walked down to the cab
where he was taking a cab.
Good sentence construction there.
I said, oh, I meant, did you have a birthday card
for Jeff whose birthday is coming up?
Why do you say birthday like Will Smith?
You spell it with an F instead of a TH.
Like, welcome to Earth.
Yeah, welcome to birth.
You don't have a speech impediment.
You just say birthday, Rob.
I used to. I worked that one out.
I used to not be able to tell the difference
but it was, it was terrible.
What did you say? Let me think of a word with TH in it.
Oh, now I will mispronounce it.
I can't even say it.
So just don't get me started on, like,
theory and the whack.
Now that I'm highly aware of it.
I'm sorry, I interrupted you.
No, no, no, it's fine. This is we're having a good time.
I feel like, is anybody ever seen the movie,
The Music Man?
I feel like this is a weird deleted scene.
Definitely.
You just hang out with the cat.
Now, what's your deal?
Are you going to sing Gary and Diana?
Hell, we're learning so much about you.
Thanks for making the band.
All right, well, that's just the clarification of the story.
I'm going to go sit over Yonder.
All right, it's Adam Goldberg, everybody.
An unremarkable name for a very remarkable young lad
with a, with a, with a, with a,
be set upon spine according to him.
We should bring up our guest.
We should bring up our guest pretty soon.
Let's start off by welcoming back
our Dungeon Master, Spencer, everybody.
Oh, yeah, let's bring him up.
For those of you just tuning in,
we are well into a campaign of Dungeons and Dragons,
and we have the Dungeon Master to the stars, Spencer.
What's your last name, Spencer?
Crittenden.
Just go with Spencer, it's fine.
That seems like, that seems like...
I didn't choose it.
That sounds like you're like young Chevy Chase's bit,
like of making up a name.
Crittenden.
It's just trailing off.
We have a special treat tonight.
We have a guest in the house tonight.
Yeah, yeah, we're going to have him come up
and play, play, play D&D with us.
Airport security.
Just a, just a, just a quick thing,
because I've been traveling a lot lately,
and we're going through the airport.
Please welcome airport security, everybody.
North Carolina.
Here's the thing, okay, security.
You go through, you take off your shoes,
you take off your belt, you put your wallet in the thing,
you got everything in your pocket,
you put it all in your bag, your laptop,
put it in a separate thing, put the shoes through the thing.
You go through the thing,
and then the only thing that I don't understand
about it is at the very end,
when the things come out in the conveyor belt,
you're through the whole thing,
and then you're grabbing your belt and your shoes,
and you're like, there's always some dick
that's like, like, like, come up,
people, you gotta, you gotta keep it moving.
Like, like, like, always.
I get so fucking mad, because you know,
you can't, you can't like, tell them what a dick
they're being, because it's, you know,
they'll just arrest you, you're a terrorist, if you go,
you're a dick. Like, what, what, what are you,
why are they surprised they're the,
was it expedience, your goal now?
You just fucking, what are you talking about?
I'm half naked, I got all my shit in the fucking thing.
You're at, ooh, what's going on?
Why is everything so slow around here?
Because of you!
Are you crazy?
Maybe take my shoes off.
I want to murder you.
And I haven't allowed to say it.
Go to court.
They'll come arrest you.
A guy tweeted that he was going to blow up an airport
and they went to his house and are, like,
because he was at the airport when he tweeted it,
but then they like, had to figure out who he was
and they went to his house and like,
There's a hockey referee just got busted for making that
like, oh, I got a bomb and they put me,
he's in jail.
Fuck you, fuck you, man, fuck you.
The reason why it's illegal to joke
that you have a bomb, I guess,
is so that you can't kind of like,
figure it, like walk into an airport and go like,
I have a bomb, I have a bomb.
They just don't want to, you know,
you can't, okay, fine.
So you can't, you can't fuck around
with that kind of conversation in an airport
because it'll throw a monkey wrench into
the TSA's works.
Not a government agency,
private company.
Nothing in the Constitution
about any of this going on.
By the way,
do we really think that
Al-Qaeda is going like,
all right, good job on 9-11.
Let's do another one.
Another 9-11.
They'll never see that coming.
How do we do it?
Let's do 9-12.
They're not retarded.
I'm sorry, retarded people.
My sister's retarded.
The Al-Qaeda is retarded,
and by that I mean that they are capable
of anything.
Nice save.
But I also don't want
to go to Guantanamo Bay
for saying that.
It gets really confusing.
Political correctness merged with the new
Patriot Act.
You're in Guantanamo Bay.
Why are you here? I said Al-Qaeda was retarded.
But no, you don't understand.
Retarded people are special.
They're courageous.
They can do anything.
You're not allowed to say that about a terrorist.
They're cowards.
They are jealous of our way of life.
They accidentally knocked down
the two biggest buildings in the world
with a box cutter.
They're completely
ineffective. They should be totally ignored.
Please welcome to the stage Steve Agee.
I tried to earlier, man.
I tried to.
I don't like...
I am a control freak. I like to bring
the guests up.
You hate flying, right?
You kind of Goldberg-ed me a little.
Steve Agee, it's our friend Steve Agee.
Steve Agee, do you have any thoughts about the airport?
Oh my god, why do they call it flying?
More like waiting to fly, am I right?
Wrong song, Jeff.
We discovered a thing
at the yesterday's show
at this podcast festival.
Agee does hack stand-up
and then Jeff just plays a music cue
after each joke.
And it's pretty fun.
Let's try it out.
How about this heat?
I was masturbating yesterday
and shot a load of sweat.
It's like
laughing.
The picture is coming
out of little doors.
You don't know until the end.
Dan, do a joke now about airport security.
Oh Jesus, these guys
you know
they
I don't know
Steve, you're up.
So they don't serve
peanuts anymore.
I was on the flight and they didn't even serve food
and I noticed in my seat
in front of me they didn't even have barf bags.
I was like, why not the barf bags?
They don't serve food anymore.
We'll be right back.
There's some heavy dancing going on over there.
I like just
gentle leg kicks.
It's a new thing
I like doing.
So Steve, you're going to play Dungeons & Dragons
with us?
I'd love to try.
Have you ever played before?
Nor have I until this campaign.
Yeah, well we've become really good at it.
I
really honestly it's embarrassing to say
but the last show that we did
where troops came up and we played D&D
again there's been a show since then
but we didn't play
D&D in the last game
or the last show, right?
We skipped it
and Spencer had
a beard
opening
to speak at.
Congratulations by the way.
It's a huge honor.
There was a new beard opening
across town
and he had to
cut the ribbon
with his beard
scissors.
It's something
he thought he'd be on time
because they usually go very fast
because as you know
the beard scissors are very sharp
because they're not used
for anything but cutting ribbons.
They don't cut their beards with them.
Otherwise you wouldn't have a beard.
Is that me?
Aaron's calling me.
What?
Aaron's calling and texting
wondering if her character is going to be in this game.
Wow.
She called you from the second row?
Yeah.
That's an argument
for turning your phone off
during a show.
But then how would we have known
that Aaron wanted to be on stage?
Yeah.
What are we supposed to just guess that?
You could knock me over
the feather right now.
Our heroes
had been camping in the Connie Forest.
As they awoke, they realized
their unicorn compatriot had vanished.
Heading deeper into the forest,
tensions ran high without the soothing
relief of Tylenol with codeine.
In a fit of confusion
and self-doubt, Sharpie left his friends
and got all reflective and deep
while looking into a lake.
Resolving to confront his daddy issues
after ending the dark influence
of Admiral Darkstar, Sharpie and Quark
renewed their adventurers pact
and with a new sense of confidence and purpose
plunged into the heart of the Forest of Shadows.
I think I had this in my regular life.
As I get older
I could just consult with you
each day.
What happened yesterday, Spencer?
Dan Harmon went to the bank because he needed to get
a cashier's receipt for a sex toy.
A cashier's receipt?
What?
What are you talking about, Spencer?
I don't know.
I just followed you around.
I blazed a doobie in the parking lot.
A doobie.
A beard doobie.
I don't know what...
Shut up, Dan. Just shut up.
Dan Harmon.
Shut up.
All right, now talk.
Sorry.
Really gold-burgan it up here, man.
All right, so...
Do you have a bunch of characters?
Yeah, yeah. Let's get our characters in hand.
Dennis from Rockford, Illinois.
How's it going? Are you enjoying the show?
Love it. Thank you.
You said your girlfriend didn't want to come with you, right?
She's out of work.
Oh, she didn't come with you to LA?
Right.
This is Jeff.
Hey, Dan. You're doing great up there, man.
Thanks, buddy.
Turn your fucking phone off.
Hello?
I put it on speaker.
I thought it would get weird.
Like an infinity mirror.
Let's try it.
This is like the early days of...
Shit, now Aaron's calling.
Oh, sorry. I have Aaron on the other line.
Oh, shit.
Hello, Aaron?
No, this is me.
Wait, let me switch over.
Aaron?
Yeah.
Can you hold on? I have Jeff on the other line.
I'll give you the calls.
Okay.
Steve, give me a call with you.
Hello? Aaron?
Hello?
Hi.
How are you guys doing?
Are we breaking the podcast right now?
If Alexander Graham Bell had seen this day coming...
Wait, hang on, hang on.
I got Steve Agee coming in.
Hello?
Hey, Jeff, what are you guys doing over there?
What are you guys doing over there?
We're...
doing the stupidest bit of all time.
Oh, yeah.
I can see it.
Are we all on the same call?
Yeah.
Whoa!
Hey, you guys, I have a bit for you
from my Evernote bit file
for Harmonar.
Uh...
Hold on a second.
Did you guys know that
in high school,
uh...
famous Austrian physicist
Erwin Schrodinger,
uh...
his prom date
left with a veterinarian?
Yeah.
Adam, Adam, you like that?
I'm just gonna come on stage
for my characters by that.
Yeah, that's cool.
All right, come on up.
All right.
Erin McGathy.
Wow.
In Adam Goldbergian fashion,
just storm the stage whenever you want, everybody.
Just come on up.
You know, we should just turn this
the show around and then we'll be the audience.
I am usually the one
that is the most entertained at these shows.
I should be called the audience.
Uh...
That was bullshit, right?
The phone thing? We tried it. It was worth a try.
Did it work? What do you mean?
Did that pay off? Was that good?
I don't know.
It was a concept.
It was certainly worth trying.
We don't want to go to the moon
and not have tried that.
Yeah, we need to know how things work
when we get up there.
Are you here on one call? Can someone call you?
We might have had a tiger by the tail right there.
Um...
Talk about it more.
I didn't invite you up here at Coxsucker.
Did you call her a Coxsucker?
I did.
Uh...
I don't know.
I was going to say thank you and then I grossed myself out.
One step ahead of you.
Uh...
Yeah, Schrodinger, get it? Because he's famous for...
The cat.
The box.
You know that at one point, some girl he liked,
married a veterinarian or something.
That's all I'm saying.
I'm going to use my physics powers
to hold a cat's life
in the palm of my hand
for all of eternity.
Cat 101?
Well, uh...
Do we start playing Dungeons & Dragons now?
The Thick Tall Trees.
Ah!
The Thick Tall Trees give way to spindly
the blambles and the packed dirt
and loam of the forest fade into muddy swamps
as you follow the path.
Deep within dark stars set
desecration you'd embark.
That was stupid.
The sounds of wildlife
die off and all is quiet save
an occasional clacking rustle
and the ripples of water lapping at rotting tree trunks.
Sharpie!
Yes, Quirk? How are you?
It's been a couple weeks.
Yeah.
It seems like weeks
since I knew what the hell was going on.
Yeah. Well, when you're walking
is this described?
You know, time can fly.
Right.
Refresh my memory
on Admiral Darkstar.
He's an...
Admiral Darkstar is off.
My voice trails off as
Spencer's V.O. comes in.
The corrupting influence of Admiral Darkstar
and his dark cult
have wrought terrible destruction on the forest
transforming it into the forest of shadows.
You hope to assault his ziggurat
in hopes of dethroning him
and ending his dark...
Sharpie, I know what a ziggurat is
but just for everybody else
that doesn't know what a ziggurat is.
Just refresh.
A ziggurat is a pyramidal temple
used for the worship of ancient cultures.
Thanks, Sharpie.
No problem.
I examine my surroundings, Spencer.
You see a wooden sign
hanging from a blackened husk of a tree
standing in the middle of the muddy path.
It is adorned with a black skull
and a black star.
Under the sign, you see a pile of corpses.
But wait.
We see the sign first before the corpses?
You love signs.
Not too bothered about that.
I saw the sign
and it opened up my mind.
I saw the sign.
Full circle.
Adam Goldberg is freaking out right now.
There's so many dots are being connected.
A stirring comes within the corpses.
Don't bully him then.
It may be a survivor.
He extricates himself
from the pile of corpses and stands.
He's wearing plate armor
and holding the golden seal
of Pelor.
Speak, survivor!
That's you.
Hey, I'm Marcus Goldberg.
I'm sorry.
I'm Goldbright.
Goldbright.
I'm a Jew.
A magical Jew.
A human Jew.
Please help me.
I mean, don't help me with being Jewish.
I'm laying in a pile of corpses.
Help me.
Do you want us to sit shim?
That's a...
That's a Jewish reference.
Oh, it's Maris.
Not Marcus.
Maris Goldbright.
Surely, new friend.
I lift him with my great strength
and I hug him
as I'm lifting him.
You hug him successfully.
How do you feel about that?
What's with your overzealous friend
here, fellas?
You're asking me?
Have you
seen Admiral Darkstar
or any of his minions?
Yeah, they're the ones
that caused all this bullshit
that I'm laying here in.
How is it, my friend,
Maris Goldbright?
Yep.
Yes.
How is it that you are the lone survivor
of this travesty?
I'm a coward
and I hid beneath the bodies
for safety.
I took my best friend
and laid his corpse over me.
Who's lapping now,
the sole survivor?
Well, it was cowardly of you to do that,
but so brave to tell us.
Surely, you would like to join us
in avenging the death of your friends.
I'll
stand behind you, of course.
Yes, I would like to help avenge.
We're going to get so many letters
from synagogues.
Look at that.
Mr. Harmon,
could your cowardly
Jewish character
have participated
a little?
No, maybe he redeems himself.
Yeah, well, we don't know. I'm just keeping my eye on that
as a potential
special interest group disaster.
You notice there's been no black people
in this adventure, so...
By the way, that's your own perception.
I never mentioned race. If you read into that,
that's not me.
That's the weirdest applause ever.
Dungeon Snap.
Well, I don't know.
My character is male
and I've always thought of him as
black.
All right, well, that's Tia.
It sounds like a bit. It's not a bit.
This stuff wouldn't come to light if I didn't bring it up,
but then I get crucified. That's the story of my life.
By the way, I thought this said level 2 hymen.
But it doesn't.
It's so much less breakable than a level 1.
I have a level 2 hymen.
True story, I still have my hymen.
Did you know that?
This armor class is
impenetrable.
My vorpal dick can't even get through it.
Stick is a button.
That's not...
I was yassanding in a way that wasn't
an insult. I'm kidding.
It's like a horse was a
log and then that log
was blessed by God. That's dance dick.
I'm sorry.
There's even the paths around us.
Past the blacken tree,
you see a massive construction
of sticks, mud and bones
with a gated graveyard to the south.
This is Darkstar Ziggurat.
Past the wrought iron fence
of the graveyard, you see figures cloaked
in black digging with shovels and hauling
corpses. You see an ornate wooden door
entering into the Ziggurat.
Past the north wall, you see
the glow of perhaps a fire.
Ziggurat?
We're out of their vision
cones. You're like peering behind
this tree. You're pretty far off.
They haven't noticed you. They're inside
a fenced area. I know this isn't in my nature
but I'm recommending we hide.
You always recommend it.
Alright, thank you. I second that.
I know where there's a pile of corpses
we can hide under you guys.
Maris. Maris Goldbrite.
Dress yourself in corpses
and move slowly closer
so they won't know what it is.
Go hide yourself in a pile
of corpses and examine the gate.
Alright.
What?
It's like, you know,
when you dress like a bush
and you slowly move closer to something.
Right, but you want them to be
It's a cemetery.
It's a pile of bodies.
They won't think anything about it.
But the dead bodies will be moving.
Only when they're not looking.
Does he have super strength?
Why don't you do this?
Okay.
I clad myself
with all of the corpses
and slowly
in a red light green light fashion
move a camouflage
towards the gate of the cemetery.
I don't understand.
I want to get a closer look.
You hide yourself
into the pile of bodies
and manage to shift it
ever slowly towards the gate of the cemetery.
Sweet.
Approaching the front gate.
You notice that no one has taken notice of you.
See? Guys, get over here.
Shhh.
I grab some bodies
and I put them on my body.
And I put them on my body.
And I do the same.
Except I do it
cooler.
You manage to put
one body
on top of your own
and rush over towards...
I say this is one of those situations
like in a movie where, you know,
like if we can take one of these guys out,
you know, we take their robes.
Am I close enough to see these dark figures
in robes? You can see them.
They seem unusually pale
and thin.
Can you...
Dan, don't you have to detect evil
or detect magic or some kind of thing like that?
Yeah, but we know they're evil and magic.
That's metagaming.
You don't know that.
They could just be in a goth band.
An alternative lifestyle.
I'm trying to look for like a charm spell or something.
I apropos of nothing give
quirk a
present.
What present?
It's a bow
that is shaped like a space.
I took tea and I
stained fabric
with a shadow.
Quirk falls asleep.
You don't have any fabric.
You can get some at the store later.
What are these guys doing?
They're digging or...
They're digging and hauling corpses into the ziggurat.
Are there any of them that are away from
the larger amount of them that are vulnerable
to some kind of like a little ambush,
a little subterfuge,
a little hoken poke?
You see one about five foot
off of the hole in the fence.
You might be able to dash over there
and take them out before anyone notices.
I'm going to try to cast sleep...
Is the sleep spell...
Is that a ranged thing?
Can I cast sleep on somebody?
Yeah, you can get up close to them and cast them.
I'm going to try to put this guy to sleep.
All right.
All right, he successfully...
No, he does not successfully
save, making him fall asleep.
He falls asleep.
That was a real roller coaster ride.
You do not have
no aids.
I examine his bodies
or anything left in his clothing
in his body. I examine that.
You see a rotting belt. It doesn't seem
to wash.
Quirk throws up till he dies.
Oh, I'm just kidding.
All right, well, I got the robe on.
I'm in disguise.
Go infiltrate, Sharpie.
I'm going to infiltrate.
I watch the behavior of my
cohorts...
cohorts and quotes.
You notice a market difference between
types of cohorts.
One moves stiffly, slowly,
unnoticing of others.
The other seems pretty normal,
hauling corpses into the ziggurat
and looking about like regular people.
We got some walking dead shit going on here.
Yeah?
I say to myself...
Not knowing what walking dead shit is.
I emulate the movements of the stiff
stiff ones.
You successfully emulate the movements.
You walk among the walkers.
Looking good, Sharpie!
Sharpie, get up to that ziggurat
and word, you approach
the door of the ziggurat. It is open.
All right.
I open the
door to the ziggurat. It's already open.
You
peer inside the ziggurat and see a large
stone entry hall.
Several coat racks stand in the hall.
I know that's a trick.
I'm supposed to hang up the robe, but that's my disguise.
Holding several black cloaks.
I'm going to grab a couple of them.
Yeah, bring them to us.
Let's say three.
There is a cultist in the room watching.
Do you try to do this sneakily or do you just
like...
looking directly at him?
He's really eyeballing me.
He hasn't taken much notice of you,
but perhaps if you took a few cloaks, he might.
You think to yourself...
Sharpie, bring Morris,
Goldbright in and tell him that he's
here to pick up a dry cleaning.
Tell him it's...
I'm going to try to cast
Charm Person on him.
Okay. You cast Charm Person.
He regards you with high interest
as if you are a trusted friend or ally.
How are you doing?
How can I help you?
Need cloaks.
Well, there's tons of cloaks.
You should grab several.
Just three is fine.
Are you thirsty?
Huh?
Would you like a drink?
Yeah, I guess.
He procures three cloaks
and a drink and puts them in a bag
for you.
Thank you.
Uh, how's Tracy?
Like, I'm so glad you remembered
this is why we're close friends.
She's doing well, as am I.
Uh, well, uh,
same shit, different day.
You know that Admiral Darkstar
always creating undead
and taking power naps.
I'll catch you on the flip-flop.
Have a good time.
I, I stiffly exit the cigarette
and go back to my real compatriots,
not in quotes.
You managed to do this with wall escaping notice.
Who's impressed now?
That was pretty good.
Thank you.
Nice to see you be brave.
What took you so long?
It's cold out here, you know.
Marisk, you stop eating my bagel.
I'm an indoor person.
I teach these guys how to walk
stiffly in a hilarious
Shaun of the Dead
montage.
You think you managed to communicate
the proper manner
and walk.
And that's how you do it.
Where should we go now?
Into the cigarette.
We enter the cigarette,
donning the cloaks that Sharpie has brought
and adopting the mannerisms of the dead.
You managed to waltz right in
past all the undead and guards.
You're going to see a guy
in the injury wound.
It's cool, he's with me.
I examine the cigarette.
It's the outside
inside.
You were in the entry hall.
Blue candles lined the walls and sconces.
There are three doors,
one on each wall of the squared room.
Oh, and the door you came in.
Four doors, sorry guys.
Triangles are square.
Wait, what?
There's three other doors.
There are three other doors against the wall.
All right.
I approach the door on the far left.
You approach the door
on the far left.
I watch your approach
the door on the far left.
You witness the approaching
of the door.
I examine his witness.
The examination of the witness
for his success.
I write down a journal entry about what it was like
to approach the door.
The journal entry is enthralling.
I tremble.
The tremble is
pitiable.
I
try to open
the door.
Do you want to hear, do you want to listen
at the door perhaps?
No, no, no.
Go, go.
You open the door holding,
wearing the cloak.
I listen.
You listen to the sounds of people murmuring
and sitting.
You hear their seats.
I hear people sitting.
You're half-elf ears.
You hear the sitting of the people
in the room.
Just so I know for reference,
Spencer, what does sitting sound like?
If you could just do it with your mouth.
All right.
I was holding the mic near my butt
for the pod last week.
Everyone, people are talking in there
quietly and sitting.
Oh, I vote for that.
I'm so
tired.
I'd love a seat.
You know what?
Morris, I still feel like
something's going to really pay off.
I think you're going to save the day somehow.
He better, I'm telling you.
We're going to get sued.
That's another stereotype, isn't it?
I'm just
making it worse.
We're going to get
mileage off cocktailed.
I examine the door in the middle.
You hear the sounds of dull scraping
as if something is being
drugged across a stone floor.
I don't like that.
What are we hoping to hear? Happy birthday?
We're looking for the door.
I listened to the third door on the right.
You hear silence.
Well, that's a start.
I open the third door.
The silent one.
The walls are draped in black wall hangings
and rows of pews made of red
stained wood sit empty facing
an obsidian podium.
Doubtless, the cultists listen to many a mad raving
or dazzling lecture in this room.
A large golden statue
stands well behind the podium.
It's a human in plate mail
wielding a black sword, but the statue
is missing its head. You don't know
what statement the sculptor was trying to make.
Morris, you've been an art critic, an art fan.
Did this speak to you at all, the statue?
Well, I'm a human.
I recognize it's one of my kind.
I don't like the fact that he's missing a head.
Thank you.
I walk to the statue
and examine it.
It is a large nine foot tall statue.
You can't see on top of its head
because it doesn't have one.
Hey, Quark, crawl up there
and see if there's a button where its head should be.
I crawl on Sharpie's shoulders
to examine the top of the statue.
You can see a setting
as if something is supposed to fit in there.
Like a dick, right?
Gentleman.
There's a door on the other side of the room.
I examine the door.
It is made of wood.
You do not approve of its design.
Fellas.
Noop.
Yeah, it's like that shitty belt I saw earlier.
I examined the other thing.
Tackiest cigarette ever.
What does the fitting look like in the head?
It looks circular with a square peg.
Circular with a square peg.
Wait, is it a button
or it has a square peg in it?
It's a circular divot
with a square peg protruding.
Guys, all we got to do is find a head
with a peg sticking out of the neck.
Thanks, Morris.
We have to fix the head
like a Lego piece and get it out.
Yeah, sure.
We got to go find that head.
It's got to be on the other side of this wooden door
that you hate.
Guys, I hate this door, but can we go through it?
Let's listen at it.
Don't forget what we learned about doors.
We listened at the door behind the statue.
Standing at the door,
you can't help but shake the perceptible
smell of foul rotting decay.
You hear the same scraping sounds
as if something is being dragged
across a stone floor.
Spencer, this is getting really scary.
Better join to that middle room with the scraping
and the dragging.
Spencer, do I have any arrows?
You should have 12 arrows left.
Okay.
I want to open the door because I have these arrows.
All right, guys, I'm going to open the door.
You ready your arrows?
Okay, I ready my arrows.
And then when I open the door, I'll just...
I'll ready my spear.
By the way, I have a spear.
There you go.
And then you get ready to charge in there
in a berserker rage.
I'm going to open the door and in one movement
I'll be kind of behind it just because
someone's got to open the door.
A wave of noxious stench
blasts through the door frame.
See an assortment of bones.
It looks like a snake but is made out of
the fused ribcages of what appears to be
at least 40 men.
The head of the snake is not a snake head
but instead a golden skull
of a human.
Its eyes are set with emeralds
and around its neck hangs a golden chain
with an emerald setting.
Is the snake alive? Is it moving?
It is moving about the floor creating a loud
grating sound.
I attacked a snake with my sword.
Drawing your sword and lunging at the snake.
You strike at its back.
Everything's ruined.
You strike the back
of the snake.
Your sword rings against its bone
thing.
You strike a crack.
It takes
11 damage.
Is that good? That's pretty good.
Alright.
I shoot
an arrow
at the...
It's like a golf tournament.
Jeff Davis has swung at the
human centipede monster.
11 points.
Like a 7 sword?
Or is that an 8?
What sword do you think
he used on that one?
I
get out from behind the door so I can get into this
melee with some of my trademark spells
like Ray of Frost, Magic Missile, and the like.
You head into the door
as Mulraine is knocking an arrow.
She loses it. It flies past your head
directly at the snake.
Sorry.
You hit the snake critically.
It is a critical hit.
Right.
But a ratings disaster.
That was like Dane Cook's arrow.
Your arrow lodges
in the neck of the snake.
It hits for 14 damage.
The snake falls apart
into bone pieces.
The golden skull
bounces to your feet.
I looked at Quark for a nod of respect.
You know what, kid?
You're alright.
Alright. This is great.
Hey Morris, you like gold?
Go grab that head.
I inspect the head with my loop.
That's terrible.
It's easily worth at least 50 platinum pieces.
Let's take it, guys.
Into the other room
and put it on top of the statue.
I take the head, jump up on
Sharpie's shoulders, and place the head
on top of the statue.
You do that, but in the other room,
and do that successfully,
the head fits perfectly
onto the shoulders of the statue.
You hear a far-off grinding,
and the statue slowly turns,
revealing a staircase
upwards.
Good time to quit.
You want to set up camp
at the base of the staircase?
And just tell some stories?
We'll just pause it, and then we'll
pick things up from there next week.
We'll hit a pause. Spencer, everybody.
Yeah, there you go.
Alright. Erin McGathy is Mulraine Saddam.
Hey Zach, usually that clock is lit up.
What are we looking at?
What have we done here tonight? What's the damage?
We've entered
that portion of our show
where we're forever in search
of an ending.
What have we got here?
I didn't tell, I said this yesterday,
but there's only one guy that was here yesterday.
So I was in Asheville, North Carolina
for this very awkward wedding.
And I don't want to say awkward wedding,
in case the brighter groom
are listening. Aaron's little brother, Michael,
is a delightful little guy,
and his lovely wife, Bonnie.
Congratulations to them.
I think because of
lack of resources and
busy schedules and things,
they put their wedding in the hands
of
what I really have no problem
characterizing as an evil southern family.
This is just
family that's like
friends of the
bride, but they're like not related
biologically to anybody, but there were more
of them at the wedding
than anybody else.
It was like Dallas, they owned everything
and they hated everyone
and they were just there to watch the wedding
disappoint them.
It was a really, really weird experience.
They also hosted the
wedding rehearsal dinner at their house,
but they all ate inside
and it was very cold out
and they built a fire for us, like cavemen.
And we were just
welcome, you're welcome to be out there
and there's coolers full of beer
and we were just these weird
visit Goths camping outside their house
and they invited us in for one
game.
They had researched, they probably
Googled weddings or something and
they invited us in
for into the indoors
for a
wedding game where
the bride and groom had to sit back to back
and remove one shoe each
and they said they're each holding
a shoe and sitting back to back and then
all the guests had written questions on
an index card, like
who's going to clean the toilets
and then they each hold
up one of the shoes, either theirs
or the spouse's.
Dumb.
Just dumb. You know, these wedding games are dumb.
There's a fucked up
wedding games. If you've ever gone to a reception
or I went to a wedding in Milwaukee where
they played this wedding game where the
groom was blindfolded
and the bridesmaids
were all lined up
with the bride sitting
in chairs and he had
to try to
guess
which woman was his
by feeling their legs.
Yeah.
That's a recipe
for success.
It's felt very Japanese.
I was like, are we
in Tokyo?
Are we going to start drinking pee in a minute?
Imagine a wedding.
I kept thinking, I was at the
wedding reception because it was very
there was no music. It was just kind of
fluorescent lit and
it was very fast and furious
and
there was a guy that introduced
the bride and groom at the reception
and he went like, all right
here they are
the bride and groom.
It was like
we were all hostages.
It was so weird. I kept expecting
I was thinking like
this would be a great cold open of a pilot
if you were at
a wedding reception or there's something just
off about it and you don't know what it is
and then someone would run in and go
the perimeter's breached.
There's walkers and the tripwires
you know and everyone
would run over to a table full of guns
and like suit up.
It turns out it's 2038
we're in a free fire zone and
we were witnessing a brief
futile attempt to emulate
a golden age society
as everyone's actually just
race marines.
Do you want to get married?
Yeah.
What would your ideal wedding be like?
Can you envision that?
It'll have probably a Raiders of the
Lost Ark theme I think.
That would be awesome.
Where the audience, the guests
will be invited to help me find
a new way of life together
that has been
that the Nazis
are also trying to get to
and if they play their cards right
by the end of it it's like thank you
my wife and I
thank you so much for helping.
Thank God the Nazis didn't get married instead.
Which character
would be the minister
or the efficient?
Belak.
Because he's not so different
you and I.
That's how he would start it.
We're not so different you and I Dan Harmon.
We're not men of God
but
we believe in
value, our artifacts.
I don't know about that.
I would have an arc to my wedding.
I would want to be a protagonist.
I would learn how to get married.
I would start by going
this is bullshit.
All I need is my blaster on my side.
I don't believe in no force.
So you're just going to be all Harrison Ford movies?
Yeah.
And then the third act I just kick someone
out of the plane.
I believe in the force now.
Belak.
Yeah, it would be a Harrison Ford wedding.
Would you get a bullet in the brain
and forget how to love?
Yeah, that would be the second act.
Ritz.
One of our men would come and kill your wife
as soon as you were married.
I didn't kill my wife.
In all seriousness,
I would like to have
something to the ceremony where
they say speak now or forever.
Yeah, they do that business.
It's become a joke now.
But it would be nice to have somebody come in
that was dressed
as a purple monster or something
and go like, I don't want this wedding
to happen.
I'm lack of love.
Lack of love, get out of here.
I'm going to marry this woman.
Not if I have anything to do with it.
Then you wrestle in the aisle.
That would be cool.
So you're saying you're never going to get married?
I just need to find a woman
who's willing to have her brother
dress like a purple monster.
Do you envision yourself being married
at any point?
Yeah.
Are you a romantic fellow?
Nope.
You don't think of yourself as romantic?
I just want it for the tax benefits.
We don't picture ourselves dying either,
we know what's going to happen.
It just happens.
Everybody gets married.
Yeah, eventually.
Babies don't get married.
Sometimes they die.
Sometimes a baby dies
without ever knowing what love is.
Oh, I'm lying?
It's truth.
Cemetery's are full of unmarried, dead babies.
It's true.
I'm sorry.
Once again, I'm...
I don't approve of this.
It's horrible.
They should have thought about that.
I brought this up for some reason.
I can't remember what it was.
We went on a ghost tour.
What the fuck?
Why did they bring this up?
We were in North Carolina.
We were there for the wedding.
I'm so sorry.
You went on a ghost tour.
We went on a ghost tour.
We went on a walking ghost tour of Asheville.
Was it a ghost adventure?
It was a ghost adventure.
It was like a ghost hunter thing.
Were there two guys with tribal tattoos next to you?
No, it was just this hippie lady
with more socks and sandals and a windbreaker.
Was it outside?
Because they don't have any money,
so you're just walking around just pointing at buildings.
Everybody goes, get out of here.
She's like, I don't know what his problem is.
You keep pointing at his church
and telling people that someone got murdered there.
Like, beat it.
Get a job, you hippie.
She should say that those guys are ghosts.
This house is haunted by a guy that hates you on his property.
She did try to characterize that
and other things as paranormal.
We walked past a place and she's like,
every business that opens here
goes away within two weeks.
I'm like, yeah, there's no parking.
It's a terrible location.
It's not a ghost story.
Ghost hunters traipsing through your property.
It's like the ghost of our economy
is haunting.
I'm like, oh, Rada, this is still trickling down
from the Reagan days.
She gave Aaron
an actual meter
and said,
these detect ghosts.
Also,
I don't know,
I don't know.
Also electricity
and water
and temperature variation.
So, you know, use your own discretion.
It really is just like a random
it is next to a building.
I got a ghost building
power line fire hydrant or sidewalk here.
So that was her tool.
But she looked the most like a ghost buster
on that thing because at least it was beeping
and lighting up.
I got a thermometer.
One of those laser thermometers.
She gave it to me.
Temperature variations can't,
when there's ghosts, it can be very cold
and all this stuff.
So a thermometer can actually be a valuable thing.
I'm down with that.
I'd never had one of these laser thermometers
and I pointed it across the street and was like,
hey, how do these things work anyway?
I don't mean how do they detect ghosts.
How do they read temperature
from across the street?
That's really wild. She's like, you know what?
I don't really know.
I thought that was hilariously funny.
You're giving me a thermometer
and saying you can use it to detect ghosts.
Hey, how does it work as a thermometer? I don't know.
I don't know.
There's a ghost in the machine.
Adam Goldberg clapped for that.
So you are fucked, my friend.
Then the other girl,
what is the girl that was the only person
that was actually into the whole thing?
What did she get? What was her tool?
Oh, she had another ghost meter.
The girls got ghost meters.
It was two couples.
Two couples.
I got a thermometer
and then the remaining guy,
this poor fucker,
he got dowsing rods.
He got two sticks
that moved together
if there's a ghost or water
or for electricity around.
Or if they got too heavy
for him to hold anymore.
He was like using them.
I'm going to guess that because you didn't open
this show with this story,
I'm going to guess you didn't see any ghosts.
We did not.
She encouraged us to take a lot of pictures
and then
you take pictures of high ghost areas
and then you look at them
and then you see a blob of them
and you go, oh, it was a ghost.
Orbs.
Yeah, I used to be a ghost owner.
No big deal.
Obviously, the tour
was designed at an age before Google
because she would walk past a building and go,
yeah, 13 people jumped off of that building
during the depression and you just pull up your phone
and go, no.
No one ever jumped off that building.
I'm a ridiculous person.
Are you guys familiar with the show Ghost Adventures
and Zac Baggins at Toast?
Anyone? My applause?
I tweeted Zac Baggins before I went on this
Ghost Adventure for advice and he said,
don't fart.
No.
It's like
it's like spraying off
in the jungle.
I guess Ghost Hate Farts is what he was saying.
Is that why he doesn't see any ghosts
on his show?
Like going to Arby's
before a
Ghost Adventure?
That show is so fucking ridiculous.
I love it.
Can we get Baggins on the show?
No, he'd never do that.
He's a ghost hunter, of course.
We can get him on the show.
Tell him there's a ghost at Nerdmelt.
Tell him
comedy dies here every night.
They say you can still hear
Dana Gould's
set
howling on the old number nine.
Anyways,
honestly, I really don't
remember why I brought up North Carolina.
It was an awkward
wedding reception. The Jackson family,
if you're listening, you can go fuck yourselves.
Just bad people.
Don't ever...
The next person that has a wedding rehearsal dinner,
they're going to be so confused
by how many questions I have before I show up.
I'm going to be like, are you sure it's okay if I come?
Am I welcome?
Because I've never felt so unwelcome
in a wedding rehearsal in my life.
Oh, the stupid wedding game
where they're holding up the shoes.
Everyone has to write down a thing on an index card
and ask a question.
I wrote three drafts of my question.
I thought very hard about it.
Who's going to be the first to fart in bed?
Who's going to clean the toilets?
Who's going to
file the taxes?
I wrote, it is the year 2038.
Nuclear Armageddon has occurred.
There are bands of mutant raiders
encroaching on your territory
to take your last can of beans.
Which of the two of you is most likely to be the first
to use lethal force
to protect your resources?
I think they saw the question
and they didn't ask it.
What's this, a novel?
They didn't ask it.
I didn't want them to.
They would have butchered it.
Aaron went out and grabbed the question
and shared it with her brother.
Now there's a question.
I've been answering about farts all night
holding up a shoe.
That's a good question.
Thank you, Michael, McGathey.
I agree.
I should be a writer.
Everybody who dresses
Jareth for Halloween from Labyrinth.
Do you know about this?
Dan and Aaron and I
were all dressing as Jareth from Labyrinth.
David Bowie's character.
We encourage everybody to come.
What's our show on your Halloween 29th?
We have two shows in the proximity of Halloween.
We have a show on the 22nd of October.
And then we have a show on the 29th.
So we say the 29th
is going to be our Halloween Harmontown.
We encourage you to come as Jareth David Bowie's
character from Labyrinth.
All the Jareths, we're all going to go take over
some bar. We're all going to go somewhere.
We'll figure it out.
I want 900 Jareths to walk into a bar.
We're going to sing Dance Muppet Dance.
What's the dance magic dance?
Dance magic dance.
It's a Halloween Jareth.
I want to
dress like
Jareth for Halloween.
It's a pretty good Bowie.
It's not bad. It's not bad at all.
Can you do it early Bowie?
It's better than Sean Connery.
Most things down here
don't react well to bullets.
Sean Connery Bowie.
I Netflix
the great just because of
your impression of Liam Neeson.
They don't care about Netflix.
They're not herbivores.
They don't stream
direct-to-video.
They don't see proceeds from video on demand.
It's only available for a limited window
that the writers kill the greed of two.
They don't get residuals.
They just want to eat you.
Let's figure out how to end this thing.
Quick improv scene.
I'm coming to your
store. Steve Agee has a
what kind of store?
I heard pickles.
Pickle store.
Dan, just so you know,
I have my finger on the play button
for Xanadu.
It's ready to go.
I can tell the difference between a pity laugh
or I want to go home so I'm going to
pretend that was funny enough to close the show.
I won't do it. The more you do that,
the more I'll punish you.
You'll be here all night.
We will close the show
on a genuine, sincere,
joyous eruption and nothing more.
Nothing less, sorry.
Steve Agee has a pickle store
and I am a
I'm an Amish farmer.
He farms Amish people.
Welcome to Pickles.
I noticed you spelled it
P-I-K-K-Y-L-Z
exclamation point, exclamation point.
My father started the business
and he was a halfway.
Oh, so it's not charming.
He's just dumb.
It's just stupid.
Well, I guess I'll take
two standard dills,
a
a sweet
basket
and can I get a jar of relish?
Just then, the owner of Pickles,
the old man who created the store,
Adam Goldberg,
enters the Pickles store.
Why have we got a customer?
Oh, fuck.
Hey, Dad.
Hey, relish man,
here for your relish?
Dad, he wants a
relish basket.
I'll just want, upsell him, upsell him.
We only get like five customers a week.
I can, I can hear you.
Can he hear me?
Yeah, he could see you too, Dad.
There are a lot of,
did he make fun of the sign?
He wasn't impressed with the sign, Dad.
Did you tell him why this?
Did you call me a something?
Half-wit, yeah.
I am a three-quarter-wit.
He's a three-quarter-wit, I'm sorry.
I am in the room
and I won't be upsold.
I heard you say,
upsell him.
I came here for Pickles.
I feel like I have a load.
We got two dills, he said.
Yeah, I'm already ordering a shitload of Pickles.
That is a shitload.
That is...
Have you joined the membership club?
We send a little...
I don't want to get any junk mail.
It's mostly recipes
and it's mostly the same recipes.
How to turn a cucumber in Pickles.
Things take a decidedly romantic turn somehow.
There's a membership has its benefits.
No.
Oh, alright, alright.
Adam Goldberg closes
his second episode of Harventshaw.
Alright.
Ladies and gentlemen,
Adam Goldberg.
Spencer, Christian Denim,
and then...
Steve A.G., everybody.
And then, and then, and then, and then.
And then, and then, and then, and then, and then.
Also, I wanna thank Casey Levine,
our audio recording, Zach Laquiver,
Zach Emily Gordon, producer,
Danielle Cramer, program director.
Desta Marcio, podcast producer.
Mo Fethel, babon, side director.
Jeff Davis!
Our artist, Dan Cheruzzi.
Our website designer.
One more time for Steve A.D., everybody.
I've been Jeff Davis.
Dan Harlin, your mayor, everyone.
God bless you. Thank you very much for coming. We'll see you next week.